added tests for map_sequence animator and test for plot (#5125)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/5125.trivial.rst

> Added tests for `sunpy.visualization.animator.mapsequenceanimator` and a test for using
> `plot()` with `sunpy.map.MapSequence`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added tests for `sunpy.visualization.animator.mapsequenceanimator` and :meth:`sunpy.map.MapSequence.plot`.
```
